# Hack-pack-ON-STRIOD-2020
Tools that i have gatherd and study to see how thay work and learned why theses tools execute there attacks. I started to have the intrest of becomeing invold in Hackist grops and what they are and who they are. So long stroy short i gatherd a shit load of tools like for example (DDOS) denil of service attacks (MITH) Man in the middle attacks and pentesting tools port finging tools snifers and andriod tools too. Andriod tools come with Snifers for andiod and man in the middle session hijacking and more. Also it comse with cyters port finders . Http flood tcp hijacking and via http/https hijack aka session hijacking to. Comes with also Sql injections tools and brute force and dic0brute force attacks for password cracking. If you hav the 802.1 wifi card you will be compabilt for Wep and wifi cracking Note not sure which. WARNING>> I DO NOT TAKE CRADIT FOR THESE PROGRAMS FOR WHICH THE CRATER THAT OWNS THE RIGHTS THE RIGHT TO SOME OF THESES SOFWARE. IF YOU WANT TO LARN MORE OPWN THE TYPE OF ATTACK FOLDER AND CLICK READ ME TO GET MORE INFORMATION WHERE THE SOFWARE WAS LOCATED AND WHAT SORCE I USE TO GET A HOLD OF THEM. Note you may have to disable anti-virus sofware to alow download do to some sofware are Hacktool/.exe saceware other wise as know windows defender trys to talk you in to unstalling the application do to its program desgin to make attacks. Also if any help is needed to setup programs and qustion email me at Derek1ization@gmail.com and i can try to answer your qustions. For the most part you should have no prombles do to the all being windows files aka EXE files so all you have to do is open do what its says to luanch the attack and click a buttion done. Easy also read me files will show you how to run liunx,debain bin files commands on windows too so you can expand your command phrompht libary and commands for attacks. DONT BE DONE..  :)
